1. Download and unzip
2. Open in Visual Studio Code
3. Open terminal and cd the project folder
4. Run npm start and open you localhost
5. Enjoy


SARS-CoV-2 Data-Visualization was created as a final project for DTC477: Advanced Multimedia Authoring within the CMDC Program at Washington State University - Vancouver. I was tasked with creating a multimedia born-digital and interactive webpage which would house a subject/genre of my own choosing and design. The project must involve a combination of my own scripting, HTML/CSS design, and some form of multimedia interactivity. Furthermore, we were encouraged to go outside of our comfort zone for a basic JavaScript class and utilize existing frameworks with which we were not taught. After much deliberation and experimentation, I decided to learn and utilize ReactJS and NodeJS in some form within my project. Initially, I undertook a large Full stack project in which I would create a fully functioning social media application ( a clone of Twitter). I called this social media app, Jackalope Social, and the messages were “Thumps” (in the manner of pounding the ground). However, due to time constraints and issues with Firebase and ExpressJS, I was only able to complete the backend server features and had to abandon my project for something simple and timely. I then decided to make a simple Coronavirus tracker using ReactJS, React Hooks, Material-UI, ChartsJS-2, Axios, and NodeJS. This Covid-19 tracker pulls from an API and features up-to-date statistics on the number of individuals who are either known to be infected, recovering from infection, or have died. The user has direct control over the specific countries featured within the bar-charts, the scale of the line-chart, and the ability to turn on or off line-chart details. Furthermore, the data cards update to the statistic of any specific country when selected, allowing for more precise fine-tuning and for accessibility and readability purposes. Finally, the entire site is responsive to various screen sizes, coded in various component folders for scalability, and thoroughly marked-up for ease of navigation. 
